I am already in my knowledge.

one hundred trillion billion years

earth, this world is absolutely for me

I want only one thing - peace, pacification and

this harmony, from merging with the infinite eternal, from contemplation

here is this wonderful unity

even look deep into - infinitely

small, even upward - infinite large, do you understand? And you again with me

Is that all you do?

your way and your horizon of knowledge and sensations of your nature, he

incomprehensibly shallow compared to mine, you know? I like already

long deep old man, immortal, well, or there is almost immortal,

even when only the sun

it's a gas and dust cloud

here, after the explosion, the Sun, when it flared up like a star, the beginning

form these coacervates, planets, understand

as if almost five billion years

That's all you need.

here in your apartments. I was on this

a planet of infinite multitudes, and steeper than Caesar, steeper than Hitler, and steeper

everything great, you know, was even worse

than here. I feel a lot of these states. I was somewhere more

look like a plant, there, a worm, somewhere

there was a soul, do you understand? She has a face

similarities of a completely diverse, infinite variety. But you this

how we live

different sensations and different aspirations

place, different and our place. I wish you all the coolest cars

The idea was proposed hundreds of trillions of how to do everything. This is all that I do, and that I walk in a deep, narrow, eternal, involved in the Divine, has become godlike and settled in this infinite, and which is in deep harmony, peace, harmony, grace, in this, you see, that's our difference. I understand that you understand that you do not see this eternal infinite, you do not need it. I want to say that you have everything you need so that you have all the possibilities. I understand that this is all that is in me, that's all, so come on, come on, go, and I went to enjoy the beautiful autumn sunset on the banks of the warm southern river. All go and I will go.